Implement Adaptivity interpolation using RBF (#242)
precice/micro-manager: docs/configuration.md

| `lazy_initialization`             | Set to `true` to lazily create and initialize micro simulations. If selected, micro simulation objects are created only when the micro simulation is activated for the first time.                                                                                                                  | `false`       |
| `load_balancing`                  | Set to `true` to dynamically balance simulations for parallel runs. See [load balancing settings](#load-balancing) below.                                                                                                                                                                           | `false`       |
| `mappings`                        | Optional interpolation of results. Set to list of mapping configurations. See below for further details.                                                                                                                                                                                            | `[]`          |

> Adaptivity can optionally interpolate results using RBF interpolation. For any subset of `write_data_names` fields, a function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Results of inactive simulations can be interpolated from active simulations using radial basis function interpolation. For data in `write_data_names`, a function
```

can be defined from `read_data_names` to `write_data_names`. When using multiple functions, their interpolation target, i.e., fields
of `write_data_names` must be mutually disjunct. Mappings can be defined as:

```json
"mappings": [
    {

>         "src_fields": ["input1", "input2"],

Reviewer: Why do we need to provide source fields? Shouldn't these always be all the available macro-scale data? I am missing some understanding about how the interpolation is set up. We want to interpolate data from active simulations to inactive simulations. How are the radial basis functions created and sampled?

Author: I had assumed there might not necessarily be a functional dependency between all inputs and outputs. Therefore, we can select the fields we want to use for interpolation.

Does that make sense?

        "dst_fields": ["output1", "output2"],
        "n_neighbors": 50,
        "rbf_config": {
            "use_pu": false,
            "pu_overlap": 0.1,
            "basis": {
                "type": "c6"
            }
        },
        "domain_config": {
            "max_filling": 8,
            "coarsening_factor": 2,
            "projection": {
                "type": "std",
                "target_dims": 3
            }
        }
    },

>     {...}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

]
```

| Parameter       | Description                                                           | Default |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `src_fields`    | List of entries from `read_data_names`                                | `None`  |
| `dst_fields`    | List of entries from `write_data_names`                               | `None`  |

> | `n_neighbours`  | Interpolation parameter. Determines minimum amount of support points. | `50`    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `n_neighbours`  | The minimum amount of support points. | `50`    |
```

| `rbf_config`    | RBF interpolation configuration.                                      | `None`  |
| `domain_config` | Function source domain description.                                   |         |

> Currently, only RBF interpolation is supported. However, the configuration options for PU-RBF interpolation already exist.

Reviewer: I would be a bit strict here: if PU-RBF is not available, we should not add its configuration to the documentation. Having the configuration options is fine, but exposing them to the user is problematic if the feature does not exist.

> A selection of different basis function is available: `c0`, `c2`, `c4`, `c6`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A selection of basis functions is available: `c0`, `c2`, `c4`, `c6`.
```

> The domain must be described/further configured as input data is shared across rank and must be redistribute for interpolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain must be described/further configured as input data is shared across ranks and must be redistributed for interpolation.
```
